How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

	It's easier to identified to changes in the text when specific lines are presented as an excerpt.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    Version control tracking could help identify changes from one version to another easier. Sometimes a particular change may have had an unexpected outcome and requiring reversing changes.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

	Manually saved changes, or commits, allow the user to decide when a group of document modifications are worth saving. Unlike automatic savings, commits enpower the programmer to decide when a modification is complete and worth saving. 
	An argument agains the use of commits is that the user could forget to save changes; introducing human-error.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Git is mainly used for version control of projects that may require multiple files to run. Multiple files that are part of a project are called a repository. Each commit in the repository creates a log for each of the files with a shared timestamp.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

	git log: It's a command used to show the log containing all changes made on the repository.
	git diff: It's a command used to compare changes between commits. The parameter "--stat" is used to show a summary of changes between 2 commits. 

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

    Knowing version could be rolled back for code inspection is reassuring. 

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    I'll use GitHub to keep track of changes on small pieces of code for automation.