When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?
    When working on a team project. Different people may need to access the repository to add features independently. 

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?
  It could advantageous to have control and manually pull/commit changes when a new feature is complete. Having control over whe the features are deemed complete is beneficial to avoid incomplete or broken code on the remote.

Forks, clones and branches. When would you use one instead of another?
	Fork: makes a copy of another account's remote repository onto your account. The new repository is copied on Github, remote.

	Clones: makes a copy of a repository, either local or remote. It could clone your own repository or someone else's repository.

	Branches: Creates a new path of a repository to make changes to. Changes made on a branch do not affect the master branch until changes are pushed and commited to the master branch.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?
    Having the last known copy of the remote reduces the possibility of conflicts when multiple people have made changes to their own versions of the master. In that case, conflicts need to be resolved when merging the local master with the remote master.

    Extra comments to detect if the remote gets updates automatically when a local commit is done.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?
    Without using github it would be difficult to keep track of user proposed changes made to files and having a higher level user approve those changes. 
    Traditionally in a company environment shared documents are kept in shared folders located on the servers. Users have different rights over the file. I.e. read-only or write. A common problem is  users making changes without any form of control or approval to such documents. Also, documents could sit on these folders without ever being updated or used.

    A major advantage of github seems to be the ability of keeping track of user's changes, changes and merges.
